---
title: Terms Of Use
layout: default
category: WTF
---

## **What The Feed Terms of Use**

**Effective: July 13, 2018**

**Last Updated: July 13, 2018**


What the Feed and its services are owned and operated by YouNow, Inc., 245 5th Avenue New York, NY 10016, USA. Please read these WTF Terms of Use with care before You make use of the WTF online service, which is available as a mobile application (the “App”). We’ll refer to You here as “You,” “Your” and “Yourself.” We will refer to What the Feed, as “WTF,” “we,” “us” or “our”.

These WTF Terms of Use as they may be subsequently amended (“Terms of Use” or “Terms”) outline the terms and conditions applicable to Your use of the WTF Service and any related services, aspects, functions, software platforms and derivatives of the WTF Service (collectively, the “Service”).

This is a legally binding agreement between WTF and You.

Use of the Service for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by the Terms of Use is prohibited.

By accepting these Terms You confirm that You are at least 18 years of age. WTF is not intended for anyone under the age of 18. You may reside in a country where local laws fix the digital age of consent to be older than 18. You may only use WTF if you have reached this age of consent, in accordance with applicable local laws.

By accepting these Terms You also confirm that You are either 18 years of age or older and are fully able and competent to enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations, and warranties set forth in the Terms of Use, and to abide by and comply with the Terms of Use.

By using the Service, You acknowledge and agree that You are subject to the Terms of Use, including our [Privacy Policy] (_____________), which is incorporated by and made a part of the Terms of Use. If You do not accept the Terms of Use You may not use the Service.

PLEASE NOTE THAT SECTION 15 OF THESE TERMS OF USE CONTAINS AN ARBITRATION AGREEMENT WHICH WILL, WITH LIMITED EXCEPTIONS, REQUIRE DISPUTES BETWEEN US TO BE SUBMITTED TO BINDING AND FINAL ARBITRATION. UNLESS YOU OPT OUT OF THE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT: (1) YOU WILL ONLY BE PERMITTED TO PURSUE CLAIMS AND SEEK RELIEF AGAINST US ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS, NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION OR PROCEEDING; AND (2) YOU ARE WAIVING YOUR RIGHT TO SEEK RELIEF IN A COURT OF LAW AND TO HAVE A JURY TRIAL ON YOUR CLAIMS. PLEASE READ SECTION 15 CAREFULLY.

## 1. **Welcome**

**Welcome to the Service.**

The WTF was created by YouNow Inc. as a platform for contests, communication and entertainment.

Please read these Terms of Use (collectively with the Privacy Policy) fully and carefully before using the WTF application (the “App”) and the services, features, content or applications offered by YouNow, Inc. in connection with the App (“Company,” “we”, “us” or “our”) (together with the App, the “Services”). These Terms of Use set forth the legally binding terms and conditions for your use of the App and the Services.

As You probably know by now, the Service is a live-video contest platform that provides social communications, media, and entertainment. Subject to the Terms of Use (as they might be amended) and any other applicable agreements between You and WTF, the Service allows You to participate in trivia games with other online users of the Service (“**Contests**”) including friends and followers, and to win prizes for winning games. The terms and conditions governing the Contests and prizes are available on our Contest Rules page. 

The Service offers other functions as well that are described in the Terms of Use and in notices and publications from the WTF. The WTF reserves the right in its sole discretion to change, modify, add, or delete features and functions of the Service at any time. We take responsibility for what we have created, and You agree to take responsibility for Your use of our Service as a participant and as a viewer. While You have fun using the Service, we require that You treat others with respect, do not use the Service for anything that would be deemed illegal or obscene and always observe the Golden Rule (“do unto others...”).

## 2.	**Registration**

In order to access the features of the Service, and to be able to Submit (as that term is defined below) Content as a broadcaster (or a live participant of the contest), You will have to create a WTF Account via Your mobile phone number (the “**WTF Account**”), and create a username to be assigned to Your account. 

By registering with WTF, You agree to our data practices, including the collection, use, processing, and sharing of Your information, as described within this Terms of Use as well as in our Privacy Policy. By creating a WTF profile and providing Your mobile phone number, You agree to receive text messages and phone calls (from us or our third-party providers) with codes to register for our Services.

You agree not to share Your WTF Account login information or let others have access to Your Account and You will not attempt to transfer Your WTF Account to anyone else. Each account on the Service may only be owned, maintained, used and controlled by one individual. For avoidance of doubt, users may not “co-own” accounts on the Service. In the event Company determines that you have opened, maintained, used or controlled more than one Account, in addition to any other rights that Company may have, Company reserves the right to suspend or terminate any or all of your accounts and terminate, withhold or revoke the awarding of any Prizes.

You are responsible for the activity that happens on or through Your Account, so we urge You to keep Your Account login information secure and to always log-off when leaving Your mobile device unattended. When You are broadcasting live on the WTF App during the Contest, putting the app in the background on Your mobile device will keep Your audio and microphone running. If You no longer wish to use the WTF App, You should completely quit and exit the WTF App on Your mobile device. Although WTF will not be liable for losses caused by any unauthorized use of Your WTF Account, You may be liable for the losses of WTF or others due to unauthorized use. We strongly recommend that You notify us immediately of unauthorized use of Your WTF Account or of any related security breach by contacting us at privacy@younow.com.

## 3.	**Ownership of the Service**

All elements of the Service, including underlying platforms, software, look and feel, and other components (“**Service Components**”), to the full extent protectable by law, are either proprietary to WTF or proprietary to our licensors. “**WTF**” and other slogans, service marks, and names, which are used to identify the Service and/or the source of the Service, are proprietary to WTF. You shall not remove or alter any proprietary or restrictive notice or legend affixed to any material provided as part of the Service or otherwise provided by WTF. Except as expressly set forth in the Terms of Use, no license, assignment, or other grant of rights in any Service Components, trademarks, copyrights, or any other intellectual property is granted to You and no such grant will result from Your accessing or using the Service. All rights in the Service not granted under the Terms of Use are reserved by WTF.

The Service may contain links to third party services that are not owned or controlled by WTF. WTF has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party services. In addition, WTF will not and cannot censor or edit the content of any third party service. You expressly release WTF from any and all liability both known and unknown arising from Your use of any third party service.

## 4.	**User Generated Content**

The term “**Content**” refers to any information, data, communication, video, text, graphics, photos, sounds, music, audiovisual works and/or other contributions appearing on the Service that users of the Service may upload, or otherwise submit (collectively‚ “**Submit**”) to the Service, or view or access on the Service.

All rights, title and interest in Content Submitted by You to the Service, to the extent it does not belong to third parties (see Section 5), will remain with You, subject to the licenses You make hereunder. WTF does not and will not claim any ownership over such Content. Notwithstanding the foregoing, You hereby waive any moral rights that You may have in Your Content in favor of WTF and anyone acting with the authorization of WTF.

WTF assumes no responsibility for Content Submitted by You or any other users of the Service. You shall be solely liable for Content that You Submit to the Service, including without limitation for any consequences of publishing the Content through the Service. Your potential liability applies, for example, to any Content that You include in a Contest initiated by You, even if You are not the creator of that Content.

You hereby affirm, represent and warrant that You will own or obtain all necessary licenses, rights, consents, and permissions to enable WTF to publish and otherwise utilize as authorized in the Terms of Use, the Content You Submit to the Service.

By Submitting Content to the Service, You are granting WTF and its agents and designees a perpetual worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sub-licensable and transferable license to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, and perform such Content in connection with the Service and with the businesses of WTF and those of its successors, licensees, and affiliates, including without limitation for the purpose of promoting and advertising the Service and redistributing part or all of the Service (and works derived therefrom) in any and all media formats and through any and all media channels now known or later developed.

You hereby release and discharge all claims both known and unknown against, and covenant not to sue, WTF and Related Parties (defined below) with respect to the use of any Content Submitted by You as authorized by the Terms of Use (including without limitation any claims that such use violates any proprietary right such as copyrights or rights of publicity/privacy).

## 5.	**Acceptable Use Policy**

You expressly agree that all Content, that You Submit will not be: (1) defamatory, libelous, abusive, or obscene, and without limitation, shall not include material that encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, federal, or international law; (2) infringe on the copyright or any other proprietary right of any person or entity; (3) invade the privacy of any person; (4) contain a virus, worm, Trojan horse, time bomb, or any other harmful program or component; or (5) be otherwise inappropriate or unlawful.

You also agree that You will not (i) use the Service to spam others or create mass-emails, (ii) continue harmful behavior if You have been warned of such; (iii) use or launch any automated system, including without limitation, “robots,” “spiders,” or “offline readers,” that accesses the Service in a manner that sends more request messages to the WTF servers in a given period of time than a human can reasonably produce in the same period by using a conventional online web browser, and/or (iv) create a false identity (except for a user name unique to you that does not violate the rights of a third party, such as a celebrity or owner of intellectual property); and/or (v) forge an email address or header; or in any other way attempt to mislead others as to the identity of the sender or the origin of the message. You agree not to copy, scrape, re-post, take screenshots of, save, share, distribute, modify or make derivative works of any Content provided through the Service, except as expressly provided through the Service’s functionality and in the Terms of Use.

You agree not to collect or harvest any personally identifiable information, including account names, from the Service, nor to use the communication systems provided by the Service for any commercial solicitation purposes.

## 6.	**Payment Terms and Limitations**

In order to claim Your ETH in WTF, You will need to set up an external wallet outside of the WTF App. You may review how much ETH you have earned by visiting Your profile page. Here, the amount of ETH You have received in Prizes will be displayed in both the claimable and pending states, as well as the approximate value that it represents in US Dollars. If you click on the ETH button, you will see how much ETH will be available to claim soon, as security measures require a delay in claiming this ETH to an external wallet. Please note that ETH is generally claimable after 30 days. This time period is subject to change at any time. You are not entitled to any Prizes in any of the following circumstances: (a) if one or more third parties claim rights to certain elements of Your Content except in cases where the Company’s policies or systems support sharing a portion of the Prize with You, as determined by the Company; (b) if Prize eligibility is disabled on Your Content by either You or the Company; or (c) Your account on WTF is suspended, banned, erased, or terminated. The Company will use reasonable efforts to notify You if any of these circumstances should occur.
	
**6.1	Termination of Prize Eligibility Program.**  If Prize eligibility is enabled for Your WTF Account, you are a participant in the “Prize Program.”  Either Party may terminate Your participation in the Prize Program for any reason without prior notice to the other Party.  If You decide to terminate Your WTF Account or participation in the Prize Program, WTF may NOT be able to recover your ETH balance. Additionally, WTF may suspend or terminate Your WTF Account, or otherwise terminate Your participation in the Prize Program, immediately and without notice if WTF determines or suspects, in its sole discretion, that You have violated the Terms or any other agreement between You and WTF or YouNow, Inc.  Upon termination of Your WTF Account or Your participation in the Prize Program, all other rights and duties of the Parties toward each other shall cease.

The WTF expressly reserves the right to disqualify any entries that it believes in good faith are generated by an automated means or scripts or that violate any of the contest rules or the Terms of Use. Entries generated by script, macro or other automated means are void.

**6.2	No Employment.**  Neither Your WTF Account nor participating in the Prize Programrenders you an employee, contractor, or agent of YouNow, Inc., WTF, or any affiliated entity. Nothing in this Agreement shall in any way be construed to constitute You acting as an agent, employee or representative of YouNow, Inc., WTF, or any affiliated entity. You acknowledge and agree that You are obligated to report as income all Prizes received pursuant to this Agreement. You agree to and acknowledge the obligation to pay all applicable taxes thereupon. You further acknowledge and agree that you are not required to have a WTF Account, participate in the Prize Program, or make or share Content, nor do you have any schedule or requirements related thereto except as provided herein.

**6.3	Ability to Accept the Agreement.**  By agreeing to the Terms, including the terms of this Prize Program, you acknowledge and agree that You are either 18 years of age or older, or an emancipated minor, or possess legal parental or guardian consent, and are fully able and competent to enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, and affirmations set forth in this Section 8 and otherwise in the Terms, and to abide by and comply with the Terms, including this Section 6.

**6.4	Miscellaneous.**  This Section 6 replaces all previous or current agreements between You and the Company regarding any monetization on the Service, including the App.  No modification of or amendment to the Prize Program, nor any waiver of any rights, will be effective unless in a writing signed by You and WTF. Waiver by WTF of a breach of any provision of this Section 6 will not operate as a waiver of any other or subsequent breach.

**6.5	ETHER.**  On the WTF App, You may be eligible to earn Ether (ETH) cryptocurrency as part of the Prize, subject to a transaction fee deduction. These factors and conditions are set forth in the page [How to Earn ETH] (https://intercom.help/officialrizeapp/eth-earnings/how-do-i-earn-ether-eth). By accessing or using the WTF App, You agree to be bound by the Terms of Use and all of the terms incorporated herein by reference. If You do not agree to these Terms of Use, You may not access or use the App, participate in the Prize Program, or earn ETH on the WTF App. These Terms of Use govern Your access and use of the App, participation in the Prize Program, and Your ownership of ETH via the WTF App.

You will not be able to sell or exchange Your ETH on the WTF App. You may be required provide Your wallet information in the WTF App in order to withdraw Your ETH balance to an outside wallet. You promise to provide us with accurate, complete, and updated registration information about Yourself and Your identifiable information for this process. You may not include identifiable information for Your ETH wallet that You do not have the right to use, or another person’s name and identity with the intent to impersonate or defraud that person. By agreeing to the Terms of Use, You agree to not transfer Your WTF account to anyone else.

When You connect Your wallet information on the WTF App, You may be asked to provide an email and a password for Your security. The WTF App and YouNow, Inc. do not have access to this information and You are solely responsible for the security and private storage of this password. You must protect the security of Your account and Your mobile device, and You are responsible for any activity associated with Your account as well as Your connected wallet.

You may not have access to Your WTF balance or funds if Your access to the Service has been suspended, banned, limited or terminated. ETH earnings that are unclaimed for an extensive amount of time may, at one point, no longer be available to claim.

You represent and warrant that You are an individual of legal age to form a binding contract. You will only use the Services for Your own internal, personal, non-commercial use, and not on behalf of or for the benefit of any third party, and only in a manner that complies with all laws that apply to You.

## 7.	**Right to Shut Down, Deny or Limit Access, Remove Content**

WTF has the right, but not the obligation, to screen, refuse to post, remove or edit the Content and the Prize Program at any time and for any or no reason at all, in our sole discretion. WTF takes steps to monitor Content and keep the WTF App and Service safe, but WTF cannot guarantee their safety. WTF reserves the right, but assumes no obligation, to remove Content, which is abusive, illegal or disruptive, or that otherwise fails to comply with the Terms of Use or Community Guidelines, and to limit or revoke Your access in full or in part to the Service, in our sole discretion, at any time, and for any reason, including, but not limited to reasons such as technical difficulties or violation of the Terms of Use.

In addition to any right or remedy that may be available to WTF under the Terms of Use or applicable law, WTF expressly reserves the right to suspend, limit or terminate Your access to the Service, at any time with or without notice and with or without cause, including if WTF determines, in WTF’s sole discretion, that You pose a threat to the Service or its users. In addition, WTF may refer any information on illegal activities, including Your identity, to the proper authorities.

Given that the Service is provided in real-time, we would appreciate Your help in reporting to us any Content that You believe violates the Terms of Use. Please use the “report” feature to report such Content, or direct the relevant information, including the username used to commit the alleged violation and the date and time of the alleged violation, including the time zone to support@younow.com.

## **8.	Feedback From You**

While we welcome any feedback or comments from You, please note that any unsolicited ideas, feedback or suggestions pertaining to our business, such as ideas for new or improved products or technologies, website or tool enhancements, processes, materials, marketing plans or new product names, will automatically upon submission become the property of WTF, without any compensation to You. While under no obligation to review such submissions or to keep such submissions confidential, WTF may use or redistribute any such submission and its contents for any purpose and in any way it deems fit.

To provide such submissions or feedback, please email support@younow.com.

## **9.	Copyright Infringement Policy**

WTF is committed to protecting the rights of copyright rights holders and seeks to comply with all applicable laws and regulations regarding the protection of intellectual property.

If You are a copyright owner or an agent thereof and believe that any Content infringes Your copyrights, You may Submit a notification pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) by providing our designated agent for copyright claim notifications (“Designated Agent”) with the following information in writing:

-	A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

-	Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works within the Service are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works that appear within the Service;

-	Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material;

-	Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact You, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail;

-	A statement that You have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and

-	A statement under penalty of perjury that the information in the notification is accurate, and You are the owner of, or authorized to act on behalf of the owner of, an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
WTF will process any notices of alleged copyright infringement and will take appropriate actions under the DMCA. Upon receipt of notices complying with the DMCA, WTF will act expeditiously to remove or disable access to any material claimed to be infringing or claimed to be the subject of infringing activity and will act expeditiously to remove or disable access to any reference or link to material or activity that is claimed to be infringing.

WTF may notify the owner or administrator of the affected Content so that he or she can make a counter-notification pursuant to his or her rights under the DMCA. If You receive such a notice, You may provide counter-notification in writing to the Designated Agent. To be effective, the counter-notification must be a written communication that includes the following:

-	Your physical or electronic signature;

-	Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled, and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled;

-	A statement from You under the penalty of perjury, that You have a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled; and

-	Your name, physical address and telephone number, and a statement that You consent to the jurisdiction of a Federal District Court for the judicial district in which Your physical address is located, or if Your physical address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which WTF may be found, and that You will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of allegedly infringing material or an agent of such person.

Notices of claimed infringement and counter-notifications should be directed to the Designated Agent by mailing all required documentation to: WTF, 245 5th Avenue, 6th Floor, New York, NY, 10016, ATTN: COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT DESIGNATED AGENT or by email to support@younow.com with the words “Attn Copyright Infringement Designated Agent” in the subject line.

## **10.	Warranties and Disclaimers**

YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS.

WTF EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS (AND YOU HEREBY WAIVE): (A) ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICE AND CONTESTS; (B) ALL WARRANTIES RELATING TO CONTENT FROM USERS AND/OR THIRD PARTIES THAT YOU MAY OBTAIN OR ACCESS AT THE SERVICE INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THIRD PARTY PRODUCTS AND SERVICES. (C) ALL WARRANTIES THAT SUCH CONTENT IS FREE OF MATERIAL THAT IS DEFAMATORY, INFRINGES COPYRIGHT, AND/OR VIOLATES THE RIGHTS OF PRIVACY OR PUBLICITY OF ANY PERSON OR ENTITY OR VIOLATES ANY LAW OR GOVERNMENTAL REGULATION. (D) ALL WARRANTIES THAT: (i) THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; (ii) THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE; (iii) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICE WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE; OR (iv) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL OBTAINED BY YOU BY OR THROUGH THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR NEEDS AND/OR EXPECTATIONS. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM OR THROUGH THE SERVICE SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THESE TERMS OF USE. YOUR DOWNLOADING ANY MATERIAL FROM OR THROUGH THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK. WITHOUT LIMITATION, YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM, MOBILE DEVICE, OR OTHER DEVICE, OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF ANY SUCH MATERIAL. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE EXPRESSLY THAT WTF SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF WTF HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), RESULTING FROM: (i) THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE; (ii) THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE SERVICES RESULTING FROM ANY DATA, INFORMATION OR SERVICES PURCHASED OR OBTAINED OR MESSAGES RECEIVED OR TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO THROUGH, WITH OR FROM THE SERVICE; (iii) THE TRIVIA QUESTIONS, ANSWERS OR RESULTS OF ANY CONTESTS; OR (iv) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE SERVICE. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF WTF FOR ANY CLAIMS UNDER THESE TERMS OF USE, INCLUDING FOR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES, IS LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID TO WTF BY THE USER.

WE WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY LOSS AND TAKE NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR, AND WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR, ANY USE CRYPTOCURRENCY OF INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY LOSSES, DAMAGES OR CLAIMS ARISING FROM: (A) USER ERROR SUCH AS FORGOTTEN PASSWORDS, OR MISTYPED ADDRESSES; (B) SERVER FAILURE OR DATA LOSS; (C) CORRUPTED WALLET FILES; (D) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO APPLICATIONS; (E) ANY UNAUTHORIZED THIRD PARTY ACTIVITIES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE USE OF VIRUSES, PHISHING, BRUTEFORCING OR OTHER MEANS OF ATTACK AGAINST THE SITE OR CRYPTOCURRENCY.

CRYPTOCURRENCY LIKE ETH ARE INTANGIBLE DIGITAL ASSETS. THEY EXIST ONLY BY VIRTUE OF THE OWNERSHIP RECORD MAINTAINED IN THE ETHEREUM NETWORK. ANY TRANSFER OF TITLE THAT MIGHT OCCUR IN ANY CRYPTOCURRENCY OCCURS ON THE DECENTRALIZED LEDGER WITHIN THE ETHEREUM PLATFORM. WE DO NOT GUARANTEE THAT WTF CAN AFFECT THE TRANSFER OF TITLE OR RIGHT IN ANY CRYPTOCURRENCY.

WTF is not responsible for sustained casualties due to vulnerability or any kind of failure, abnormal behavior of software (e.g., wallet, smart contract), blockchains or any other features of the cryptocurrency. WTF is not responsible for casualties due to late report by developers or representatives (or no report at all) of any issues with the blockchain supporting cryptocurrency including forks, technical node issues or any other issues having fund losses as a result.

The Service contains the opinions and views of its users. WTF does not endorse, guarantee, or assume responsibility for the accuracy, efficacy, or veracity of any Content from users made available through the Service.

SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. ACCORDINGLY, SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

Please also note that the Service is controlled and offered by WTF from its facilities in the United States of America. The laws of other countries may differ regarding the access and use of the Service. WTF makes no representations that the Service is appropriate or available for use in other locations. Those who access or use the Service from other jurisdictions do so on their own volition and at their own risk, and are responsible for compliance with local law.

## **11.	Limitation of Liability; Release**

TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL WTF BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY LOST PROFIT OR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING FROM THESE TERMS OF USE, THE APP, CONTESTS, PRODUCTS OR THIRD PARTY SITES AND PRODUCTS, OR FOR ANY DAMAGES RELATED TO LOSS OF REVENUE, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS OR ANTICIPATED SAVINGS, LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF GOODWILL, OR LOSS OF DATA, AND WHETHER CAUSED BY TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), BREACH OF CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF FORESEEABLE AND EVEN IF WTF HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. ACCESS TO, AND USE OF, THE APP, PRODUCTS OR THIRD PARTY SITES AND PRODUCTS ARE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK, AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR MOBILE DEVICE OR LOSS OF DATA RESULTING THEREFROM.

NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN, IN NO EVENT SHALL THE MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF WTF ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THESE TERMS OF USE, THE ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE APP, CONTENT, OR ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES PURCHASED FROM US EXCEED $100.

THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SHALL NOT APPLY TO LIABILITY OF WTF FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY CAUSED BY WTF’s NEGLIGENCE. 

## **12.	Indemnification**

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless WTF, and our respective past, present and future employees, officers, directors, contractors, consultants, equity holders, suppliers, vendors, service providers, parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, representatives, predecessors, successors and assigns (individually and collectively, the “WTF Parties”), from and against all actual or alleged third party claims, damages, awards, judgments, losses, liabilities, obligations, penalties, interest, fees, expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys’ fees and expenses) and costs (including, without limitation, court costs, costs of settlement and costs of pursuing indemnification and insurance), of every kind and nature whatsoever, whether known or unknown, foreseen or unforeseen, matured or unmatured, or suspected or unsuspected, in law or equity, whether in tort, contract or otherwise (collectively, “Claims”), including, but not limited to, damages to property or personal injury, that are caused by, arise out of or are related to (a) Your use or misuse of the App, Content or the Contests, (b) any Feedback You provide, (c) Your violation of these Terms of Use, and (d) Your violation of the rights of a third party, including another user. You agree to promptly notify WTF of any third party Claims and cooperate with the WTF Parties in defending such Claims. You further agree that the WTF Parties shall have control of the defense or settlement of any third party Claims. THIS INDEMNITY IS IN ADDITION TO, AND NOT IN LIEU OF, ANY OTHER INDEMNITIES SET FORTH IN A WRITTEN AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND WTF.

## **13.	Platform Providers**

Platform providers, such as Apple, Inc. and Google, Inc. that make the App available for download (“Platform Providers”) are not party to these Terms of Use. Platform Providers have no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the App. In the event of any failure of the App to deliver any product or service purchased by You through the App (if applicable), You may notify the applicable Platform Provider, and such Platform Provider may refund payments made for such purchases (if applicable). To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Platform Providers will have no other obligation whatsoever with respect to the App. You acknowledge that Platform Providers are not responsible for addressing any claims relating to the App or Your possession and/or use of the App, including but not limited to: (i) product liability claims; (ii) any claim that the App fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; (iii) claims alleging infringement of intellectual property; and (iv) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation. We, not the Platform Providers, will be solely responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such claims. Platform Providers are third party beneficiaries of this Section 13, and will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce the provisions of this Section 13 against You.

## **14.	Privacy**

To learn more about how WTF protects Your personal information, please refer to the WTF [Privacy Policy](_______________), which is incorporated by and made a part of these Terms of Use.
By creating a WTF account and using our services, You agree that WTF can collect, use and share Your information consistent with WTF’s Privacy Policy. 

## **15.	Assignment**

WTF may assign these Terms of Use to its successors, licensees, and affiliates. However, because the subject matter hereof is personal to You and Your Content, You may not assign these Terms of Use to any person or entity without WTF’s prior written consent.

## **16.	Dispute Resolution**

Please read the following arbitration agreement in this Section (“Arbitration Agreement”) carefully. It requires You to arbitrate disputes with WTF and limits the manner in which You can seek relief from us.

**16.1	Applicability of Arbitration Agreement.**  You agree that any dispute or claim relating in any way to Your access or use of the App, to any products sold or distributed through the App, or to any aspect of Your relationship with us, will be resolved by binding arbitration, rather than in court, except that (1) You may assert claims in small claims court if Your claims qualify; and (2) You or we may seek equitable relief in court for infringement or other misuse of intellectual property rights (such as trademarks, trade dress, domain names, trade secrets, copyrights, and patents).

**16.2	Arbitration Rules and Forum.**  The Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this Arbitration Agreement.  To begin an arbitration proceeding, You must send a letter requesting arbitration and describing Your claim to our registered agent [include name and address of registered agent here].  The arbitration will be conducted by JAMS, an established alternative dispute resolution provider.¬†¬† Disputes involving claims and counterclaims under $250,000, not inclusive of attorneys’ fees and interest, shall be subject to JAMS’ most current version of the Streamlined Arbitration Rules and procedures available at [http://www.jamsadr.com/rules-streamlined-arbitration/](http://www.jamsadr.com/rules-streamlined-arbitration/); all other claims shall be subject to JAMS’ most current version of the Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures, available at [http://www.jamsadr.com/rules-comprehensive-arbitration/](http://www.jamsadr.com/rules-comprehensive-arbitration/).  JAMS’ rules are also available at [www.jamsadr.com] (http://www.jamsadr.com) or by calling JAMS at 800-352-5267.  If JAMS is not available to arbitrate, the parties will select an alternative arbitral forum.  If the arbitrator finds that You cannot afford to pay JAMS’ filing, administrative, hearing and/or other fees and cannot obtain a waiver from JAMS, we will pay them for You.  In addition, we will reimburse all such JAMS’ filing, administrative, hearing and/or other fees for claims totaling less than $10,000 unless the arbitrator determines the claims are frivolous.  You may choose to have the arbitration conducted by telephone, based on written submissions, or in person in the country where You live or at another mutually agreed location. Any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.

**16.3	Authority of Arbitrator.**  The arbitrator shall have exclusive authority to (a) determine the scope and enforceability of this Arbitration Agreement and (b) resolve any dispute related to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability or formation of this Arbitration Agreement including, but not limited to any claim that all or any part of this Arbitration Agreement is void or voidable.  The arbitration will decide the rights and liabilities, if any, of You and us. The arbitration proceeding will not be consolidated with any other matters or joined with any other cases or parties. The arbitrator shall have the authority to grant motions dispositive of all or part of any claim. The arbitrator shall have the authority to award monetary damages and to grant any non-monetary remedy or relief available to an individual under applicable law, the arbitral forum’s rules, and the Agreement (including the Arbitration Agreement). The arbitrator shall issue a written award and statement of decision describing the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based, including the calculation of any damages awarded. The arbitrator has the same authority to award relief on an individual basis that a judge in a court of law would have. The award of the arbitrator is final and binding upon You and us.

**16.4	Waiver of Jury Trial.**  YOU AND WTF HEREBY WAIVE ANY CONSTITUTIONAL AND STATUTORY RIGHTS TO SUE IN COURT AND HAVE A TRIAL IN FRONT OF A JUDGE OR A JURY.  You and WTF are instead electing that all claims and disputes shall be resolved by arbitration under this Arbitration Agreement, except as specified in Section 18.1 above.  An arbitrator can award on an individual basis the same damages and relief as a court and must follow this Agreement as a court would.  However, there is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is subject to very limited review.

**16.5	Waiver of Class or Other Non-Individualized Relief.**  ALL CLAIMS AND DISPUTES WITHIN THE SCOPE OF THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT MUST BE ARBITRATED ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT ON A OR COLLECTIVE CLASS BASIS, ONLY INDIVIDUAL RELIEF IS AVAILABLE, AND CLAIMS OF MORE THAN ONE CUSTOMER OR USER CANNOT BE ARBITRATED OR CONSOLIDATED WITH THOSE OF ANY OTHER CUSTOMER OR USER. If a decision is issued stating that applicable law precludes enforcement of any part of this subsection’s limitations as to a given claim for relief, then that claim must be severed from the arbitration and brought in the state or federal courts located in the State of New York. All other claims shall be arbitrated.

**16.6. 30-Day Right to Opt Out.** You have the right to opt out of the provisions of this Arbitration Agreement by sending written notice of Your decision to opt out to the following address: [245 5th Avenue, 6th Floor, NY, NY 10016], within 30 days after first becoming subject to this Arbitration Agreement. You may also submit Your decision to [privacy@younow.com]. Your notice must include Your name and address, the email address You used to set up Your account (if You have one), and an unequivocal statement that You want to opt out of this Arbitration Agreement.  If You opt out of this Arbitration Agreement, all other parts of this Agreement will continue to apply to You. Opting out of this Arbitration Agreement has no effect on any other arbitration agreements that You may currently have, or may enter in the future, with us.

**16.7	Severability.** Except as provided in Section 18.5, if any part or parts of this Arbitration Agreement are found under the law to be invalid or unenforceable, then such specific part or parts shall be of no force and effect and shall be severed and the remainder of the Arbitration Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.

**16.8	Survival of Agreement.**  This Arbitration Agreement will survive the termination of Your relationship with WTF.

**16.9	Modification.**  Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, we agree that if WTF makes any future material change to this Arbitration Agreement, You may reject that change within thirty (30) days of such change becoming effective by writing to WTF at the following address: [245 5th Avenue, 6th Floor, NY, NY 10016].

## **17.	Miscellaneous**

Nothing in the Terms of Use shall be construed to create a partnership, joint venture or agency relationship between You and us. You may not assign any of Your rights or delegate any of Your duties under the Terms of Use without the prior written consent of WTF. WTF may assign this Agreement and/or any of its rights, and delegate its duties in its discretion. Any purported assignment which is inconsistent with the foregoing shall be null and void. The Terms of Use, its interpretation, performance or any breach thereof, shall be construed in accordance with, and all questions with respect thereto shall be determined by, the laws of the state of New York applicable to contracts entered into and wholly to be performed within said state without regard to conflicts of laws. Any dispute between the parties that is not subject to arbitration or cannot be heard in small claims court, shall be resolved in the state or federal courts of the State of New York, and the United States, respectively, sitting in the State of New York. No waiver of any breach of any provision of the Terms of Use shall constitute a waiver of any prior, concurrent or subsequent breach of the same or any other provisions, and no waiver shall be effective unless made in writing and signed by an authorized representative of the waiving party. In the event any provision of the Terms of Use shall for any reason be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect. In resolving any dispute or construing any provision hereunder, there shall be no presumptions made or inferences drawn (i) because the attorneys for one of the parties drafted the agreement; (ii) because of the drafting history of the agreement; or (iii) because of the inclusion of a provision not contained in a prior draft, or the deletion of a provision contained in a prior draft. All representations, warranties and indemnities contained herein or made by You in connection herewith shall survive any termination, expiration, or suspension of Your rights under the Terms of Use. Section headings are for convenience only and are not a part of the Terms of Use. The Terms of Use contain the entire understanding of the parties and cannot be amended except by a writing signed by both parties. No party hereto has relied on any statement, representation or promise of any other party or with any other officer, agent, employee or attorney for the other party in executing these Terms of Use except as expressly stated herein. You may not use, export, import, or transfer Site or Services except as authorized by U.S. law, the laws of the jurisdiction in which you obtained Site or Services, and any other applicable laws.  You acknowledge and agree that products, services or technology provided by YouNow, Inc. are subject to the export control laws and regulations of the United States.  You shall comply with these laws and regulations and shall not, without prior U.S. government authorization, export, re-export, or transfer WTF products, services or technology, either directly or indirectly, to any country in violation of such laws and regulations. If you have any questions, complaints or claims with respect to the Site or Services, please contact us at: support@younow.com.

## **18.	Amendment**

WTF reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or delete portions of the Terms of Use at any time. When using the Service, You may be subject to additional applicable guidelines or rules that may be posted from time to time. All of these guidelines and rules are deemed incorporated into the Terms of Use. While we may attempt to notify You when major changes are made to the Terms of Use, it is Your responsibility to review the Terms of Use periodically to check for changes. When WTF makes changes, it will give the date of the most recent update in this space so You can be kept abreast by visiting this page. WTF also reserves the right in its sole discretion and at any time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Service (or any part of it), with or without notice.

--


